I'm going to keep this very brief for two reasons first I'm hungry and Chris promised me a good Greek meal
And secondly, I want to have a chance before I head back to Boston to at least say hello and thank you to every single one of you.
And I had a chance to meet a few of you, but not many, and I want to do that before I leave.
Some of you were at breakfast this morning, and I don't want to repeat what I said there.
So let me, if I can, talk a little politics with you this afternoon.
That's okay.
Is that a little politics here?
Is that permitted?
Absolutely.
because I've had a chance to meet and speak to you and with you on many of the great issues that face the country, both here at home and abroad.
And I want to continue that, not just speaking at you, but listening to you and getting a sense from you as to what you expect of me, what you expect of us, what you expect of this country and of the next president of the United States.
But I want to emphasize just as strongly as I can
what Chris has said about the importance of your participation.
Now we're in for what is probably the smallest office you can run for in this country, and that was as a member of the representative town meeting in the town of Brooklyn.
As you know, we have town meetings, as you do, but in the larger towns, we have representative town meetings.
And I ran from a precinct in 1959 as a town meeting member.
And then ran legislation.
And from the day I began running, as a town meeting member in my home precinct, ringing those doorbells, handing out those carrots, standing in front of the polling place,
Until this very day, I have been helped as every single one has held elective operatives by people, citizens, who are interested in only one thing.
A better community, a better state, a better country, a government that they can be proud of.
And that is what it is that gets somebody like me to this point in his political career and to this point in his life.
Chris talked about the money we've raised, the money we've raised over that three months.
$4.2 million in 90 days from 16,000 individuals.
And there's not a dime of PAC money in that entire amount.
And that didn't happen by accident, and with all due respect to Chris and the nice things he said about me, it just didn't happen because Mike Dukakis happens to be what I hope is a good, strong candidate for the presidency.
It happened because dozens and dozens of people here and thousands like you all over the country have been working and helping and asking and reaching out to bring in thousands and thousands of people, yes, as financial contributors, but more than that, as people who care
people who share the kind of commitment that I have and you have to a good America, to a strong America, to a compassionate America, to a thoughtful America, to an America which is strong and tough internationally, but strong and tough for the right reasons and for the right purposes.
And I cannot emphasize to you too much how important
your role, your part, your participation in this effort is.
Chris isn't kidding.
This is, as we say, retail politics at its very best.
Chris was kidding around a little bit this morning about all of the New Hampshire power brokers that were at our breakfast.
And I take my hand off to those of you who are power brokers, self-styled or otherwise.
But you and I know that in this day and age, there really is no such thing.
Nobody gets together in the back of a smoke-filled room and decides who's going to get elected president of the United States.
Those days are gone forever.
And that's okay.
Because this is the political process I believe in.
This is the way I like to campaign.
This is the way I think...
We should be expected to campaign.
Reporters ask me all the time these days, well, you know, it's so long, and isn't there a better way?
And how do you feel having to put in the time and the effort and the days and the weeks and the months?
I think this is a terrific way to campaign.
I like campaigning this way.
I like meeting in your living rooms and in your communities.
I like staying with farm families in Iowa.
and having an opportunity to listen to them about their problems, their concerns, their hopes, their aspirations.
They also, by the way, feed candidates terrifically well.
I'll tell you, folks out there in those farms eat and eat well.
As do Greeks.
Thank you.
i found it good i'm embarrassed i found it
... ... ... ... ... ...
Are we in business over here now?
Probably.
Now we're over here.
I'll tell you all.
Okay.
Thank you.
All right.
Just a few more minutes to go, William, okay?
Okay.
It's about cooler, isn't it?
Yes, it is cooler.
It's about five more minutes.
Five more minutes.
The rice is going to get better.
It's a bit of air.
Oh, yes.
I hope to be a great place to be.
Again, do what I do.
I never know your son was up to you, didn't you?
It's great to be here for everybody, for everybody, for everybody, for everybody, for everybody, for everybody, for everybody, for everybody, for everybody, for everybody, for everybody, for everybody, for everybody, for everybody, for everybody, for everybody, for everybody,
as one of any other being I have ever known or met.
Even my dad probably could not have imagined that someday his son, his son would be the governor of Massachusetts and a serious candidate for presidency.
And my friends, there's only one country on the face of the earth where that could happen, and it's the United States of America.
Thank you all very much.
It's a good band.
I know my Greek bands.
That's pretty good.
See you later, Steve.
Huh?
Oh, really?
I know, too.
All right.
We had a good time today.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
Hey, you better go.
We're in here.
I was going to cry, but it was like...